README.adoc, before:

= clublist - Club Membership List

This is an example of the classic "list-detail" application written
for the web using JSF, EJB3, JPA and DeltaSpike Data.

This implementation of list-detail is used to
track members for a small non-profit club,
but the basic idea applies anywhere.

Development of this project was inspired by my involvement with the
http://www.uppercreditfieldnaturalists.org/[
Upper Credit Field Naturalists], where a slightly-enhanced version of this
project is actually used for membership management.

== Updates!

To receive updates when functionality is added, please subscribe to my private mailint list for this project, at
https://darwinsys.com/mailman/listinfo/clublist  We do not sell or rent your emails nor do we send spam.
We may send the very-occasional announcement of Java-related publications.

== Deployment

. Copy config-sample.properties to config.properties, change the name in the orgName property
in this file from 'Sample Club' to your organization's name (keep it short).
. Set up a JTA datasource in your app server
. Change persistence.xml from the in-memory H2 to the JTA datasource
. Setup the deployment as needed (e.g., edit WEB-INF/jboss-web.xml)
. Container-managed security is already configured, in WEB-INF/web.xml. Just create a user in the role of club_exec in your app server.
. Deploy (e.g., mvn wildfly:deploy if you use JBoss WildFly).
. Enjoy!

If you want to be able to send emails to your club, you'll need some additional
configuration, which is under development at the moment.

== ToDo

Here are some things that should be added. https://github.com/IanDarwin/clublist[Fork this project on GitHub] and send pull requests when you get one working!

. Search with 'Like' method in DS Data
. Maybe allow members to update their own record (only!)
Probably requires moving to app-managed security since you already have a record for each person.
. "Position" should be a relationship to another Entity, with a dropdown chooser.
Note that this will need its own list-detail mechanism to manage the list of Positions!
. There should be a "Membership Type" (student, senior, couple/family, etc). This should be a relationship to another Entity, with a dropdown (as above).
. Finish the Mailing List page.
. Implement the Print Member Badge/Label page.
. Even though people should not use spreadsheets for database work, you will probably
be pressured to implement the "Export" capability. 
You will need http://poi.apache.org/[Apache POI] for this.
. Refactor Home object to merge w/ darwinsys-ee EntityHome

Commit message:

Update README with archive status and new repo link
Say farewell, and link to newer repo.

README.adoc, after:

= clublist - Club Membership List

N.B. This repo is ib archive status - please refer to my newer
repo https://github.com/IanDarwin/quarkus-jsf-panache-record/tree/main[quarkus-jsf-panache-recore]
for a newer take on a simple list-detail site.

This is an example of the classic "list-detail" application written
for the web using JSF, EJB3, JPA and DeltaSpike Data.

This implementation of list-detail is used to
track members for a small non-profit club,
but the basic idea applies anywhere.

Development of this project was inspired by my involvement with the
http://www.uppercreditfieldnaturalists.org/[
Upper Credit Field Naturalists], where a slightly-enhanced version of this
project is actually used for membership management.

== Updates!

To receive updates when functionality is added, please subscribe to my private mailint list for this project, at
https://darwinsys.com/mailman/listinfo/clublist  We do not sell or rent your emails nor do we send spam.
We may send the very-occasional announcement of Java-related publications.

== Deployment

. Copy config-sample.properties to config.properties, change the name in the orgName property
in this file from 'Sample Club' to your organization's name (keep it short).
. Set up a JTA datasource in your app server
. Change persistence.xml from the in-memory H2 to the JTA datasource
. Setup the deployment as needed (e.g., edit WEB-INF/jboss-web.xml)
. Container-managed security is already configured, in WEB-INF/web.xml. Just create a user in the role of club_exec in your app server.
. Deploy (e.g., mvn wildfly:deploy if you use JBoss WildFly).
. Enjoy!

If you want to be able to send emails to your club, you'll need some additional
configuration, which is under development at the moment.

== ToDo

Here are some things that should be added. https://github.com/IanDarwin/clublist[Fork this project on GitHub] and send pull requests when you get one working!

. Search with 'Like' method in DS Data
. Maybe allow members to update their own record (only!)
Probably requires moving to app-managed security since you already have a record for each person.
. "Position" should be a relationship to another Entity, with a dropdown chooser.
Note that this will need its own list-detail mechanism to manage the list of Positions!
. There should be a "Membership Type" (student, senior, couple/family, etc). This should be a relationship to another Entity, with a dropdown (as above).
. Finish the Mailing List page.
. Implement the Print Member Badge/Label page.
. Even though people should not use spreadsheets for database work, you will probably
be pressured to implement the "Export" capability. 
You will need http://poi.apache.org/[Apache POI] for this.
. Refactor Home object to merge w/ darwinsys-ee EntityHome
